What's up, my friend? If you're feeling bad about yourself,
if you're feeling insecure, if you're feeling like you have
nothing to offer the world, then I've got a quick message
for you. Now, before I can get my message across to you, I
need you to think about something first. Cristiano Ronaldo.
Lionel Messi.
LeBron James. Gary Vaynerchuk.
Jeff Bezos. What do all of these men have in common? You
might say things like they're all rich, famous, and the best
at what they do. And those things may be true, but there's
something even deeper and more important that led them all
to be rich, famous, and incredibly successful. Confidence.
One cannot accomplish great things in life without
confidence in oneself. Confidence comes from one or two
places. Number one, someone who believes in you so much that
you begin to believe in yourself. Number two, watching
yourself do something you didn't know or believe you could
do in the first place. Now, assuming you don't have the
former, because many of us don't, you'll need to do the
latter. See what I'm saying? You need to do something. You
need to accomplish something. And why do you think a lot of
people who go to the gym regularly tend to have lots of
confidence? It's because they're constantly choosing to do
something difficult. They're constantly watching themselves
achieve a difficult task. They know that while everyone else
is at home on the couch watching Netflix, eating junk food,
and scrolling on social media, they are at the gym lifting
heavy shit. Not because it's their favorite thing to do in
the world, but because they know it's good for them. And I'm
obviously generalizing. They know they're neither better nor
worse than other people, but they're certainly on a
different level. They're the type of people who take on
challenges voluntarily and they don't quit when shit gets
difficult. They know they're capable of being consistent.
They show up again and again and again, month after month,
year after year. And they don't see results immediately, and
that's okay, because they know how to defer gratification in
order to receive a greater reward in the future. Watching
oneself go from 100 kilos to 75 kilos breeds confidence. It
also increases the chance that one will like what they see
when they look in the mirror, which will breed even more
confidence. And it's also a constant reminder that no matter
how bad things get, one is capable of turning one's life
around. That knowledge breeds confidence in oneself.
What about Cristiano Ronaldo? Why do you think he has so
much confidence, so much confidence that people think he's
an arrogant human being? Why do you think that is? I think
it's because he wasn't born a footballing genius. He had to
work his ass off every single day for years. Years of blood,
sweat, and tears to get to where he is today. Right? No one
gave that to him. He decided he was going to be the best
footballer he could possibly be, and he worked toward that
goal every day until he realized it. In fact, he continues
to realize it, right? Because greatness is a lifestyle. It's
a mentality. It's not a destination. You wanna party, chase
girls, and get drunk with your friends? That's cool. Imma be
at the gym working on my endurance, agility, and strength.
You're thinking about how much money you can make, but I'm
thinking about how I can perform better than my competition,
because that always leads to more money. You see what I'm
saying? Cristiano Ronaldo has watched himself become one of
the best football players to ever play the game
professionally. But no one has ever kicked a single ball for
him. No one has ever showed up to practice for him. He chose
to take on a difficult task, learn a skill and improve it,
and to try to be the best version of himself every single
day. And from what I understand, he also has an incredibly
loving and supportive mother, and that can make any man
unstoppable in this game we call life. So if you don't feel
confident in yourself, if you feel like you have nothing to
offer, what do you think you should do? Do something you can
be proud of.
You're already learning how to communicate in English, and
that's something no one can do for you. It's also something
no one can take from you. That's something you can be proud
of. Commit to hitting the gym consistently and getting in
shape, learn how to play the saxophone, go to more social
functions and talk to people until you're no longer afraid
of them. Quit doing drugs.
Create unique and engaging content that can't be found
anywhere else. Just do something. Just fucking do something.
Anything, bro. Just do something. When you have hobbies,
when you when you take on difficult tasks, you don't have
time to wallow in self-pity and fucking negativity and
obsess over all your shortcomings because you're too busy
doing shit. You see what I'm saying? You'll have things to
talk about when somebody asks you, "What the fuck are you
doing with your life?" This naturally makes you a more
interesting person, which naturally makes you more
confident. You'll come to realize that the only person's
approval you really need is your own. When you truly feel
good about yourself, you don't really care how other people
feel about you. So how do you start feeling better about
yourself? By working on yourself, by investing in yourself,
by spending your time doing difficult, productive, and or
creative things voluntarily. So at some point today, I want
you to take a long, hard look at yourself in the mirror and
ask yourself the following. Number one. What exactly...or
excuse me, why exactly don't I feel good about myself?
Is it because I don't know how to do anything valuable? Is
it because of toxic people in my life? What's the reason?
What's the source of this feeling? Number two.
What's a valuable skill? I'd like to know. Software
development, carpentry, sustainable agriculture...it could
be anything. It really doesn't matter. And number three,
what's the simplest thing I can do to get started
immediately? It's hard to spend time feeling bad about
yourself when you're already spending all of your free time
trying to improve yourself. So get to work.